Ah cousin
I haven't contacted him for too long, I'll look for his phone number
Ah, what about cousin?
How could I possibly have that kind of big guy's phone number?
Oh, my cousin is too busy to entertain us.
Why don't we change the restaurant?
Here it comes.
I still want to see
What is this 100,000 threshold meal?
Don't change it.
I can take you in.
Twins can also come in
The size of a daughter and he can't get in
Can an ordinary person get in?
Globulitis, stop talking nonsense
Pack your things for me tomorrow and get out
Here are the latest quarterly financial statements
Yanyan is here, I'll pick up his boss
Push me back on big things
I have to pick him up in person at the door of his future
I have contacted
Trust me, I can take you in right away.
Who should I contact?
You also have a cousin who works in it, right?
Haha, my cousin.
But the boss of Shengshi Company
What about your cousin?
Are you washing dishes in the back kitchen?
Hahaha shameful thing
Let's go, don't block people's doors, big brother
Big brother Lu Bu